api: more informative request canceling (#407)
tarantool/go-tarantool: CHANGELOG.md

- Implemented stringer methods for pool.Role (#405).

### Changed

> - More informative request canceling: log the probable reason for unexpected requestId
>   and add requestId info to context done error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More informative request canceling: log the probable reason for unexpected request ID
  and add request ID info to context done error message (#407).
```

> ### Changed
> - More informative request canceling: log the probable reason for unexpected request ID
>   and add request ID info to context done error message (#407).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Changed

- More informative request canceling: log the probable reason for unexpected request ID
  and add request ID info to context done error message (#407).
```

Author: Done: I fixed and squashed commits into one
